Hit by a gun or an arrow.
If you have Maochun, you won’t explain it,
Why dare to go up first?
Because he is not on the invitation list of our business association this time,
And he just made an itinerary,
During the stroke, you will be hit by a gun and an arrow.
It wasn't Zhang Da who was trying hard to hide it. He didn't drink it just now.
Please let me go, quickly!
I'll fight first, you're sure,
If you don’t drink, you are our merchant member. You can’t do this.
Just wait, there are many more events to prepare for later.
I will be responsible for the use of this business today.
Just treat this place as your home,
Go and be busy, don't be busy, don't be busy,
Don't be busy. Look,
You can get a teacher without having to live there
Something went wrong from ah
But you are wrong
Don't kill me again
It's not good for you and that Zhonglin to be sent back to the province.
His grandfather and I used to know how to treat people with just one thought.
It was brought back to the province
I can’t understand people more and more
are you in jail
How could you recognize those adults? Thank you.
I'll take those adults back to the province